Okay, so we were talking about vegan, low glass , and it seemed to be working.
Well, I think. Oh, I know.
when he mentioned
To arm
When he saw the pictures of the eyebrows.(***)
Yeah, game of these. Yeah, yeah.. yeah..
Yeah..  yeah so that kind of little humor
it's kind of inside joke almost if you don't see the lord of the rings you don't you might not know
but that kind of thing.
Yeah he was oh no(***)
Saint, you know, nothing can defeat him
He'll never die. He's always strong.
But he's royal, you know, he's a very serious character.
but this one he is serious too but he gives little little
first like not a joke but Ohhhhhhh....
Maybe. Maybe.
Yeah... That's true...
And then the dwarves, the characters themselves are quirky. Everybody is quirky.
Ha.. ha...so so the characters
Yeah... yeah...
That makes sense, because of that.
That 13 doors have so many so much characters each one of them
And other..Yeah, yeah... yeah...
yeah yeah yeah..different groups
Yeah... yeah..
Yeah...
True...   Even though they are 13, each one has a difference.
Personalities, but they all are like dwarfs.
Yeah...So they have to be endorsed by me.
It's the worst and they did it really good.. yeah..
yeah so which is which which dwarf do you like the best (***)
What's that?
Oh, okay, okay.
Who's balding?
Oh, okay, okay. Oh, that's fine.
he's a good guy yeah he's realist manything
But he gives up things really easily too.
Ha, ha, ha...    Yeah...
Yeah...
Uh..  Hmm...
Yeah...  yedah...
I like the one with the hat on. hmmm..
Group for...  group
Powfer...   Powfer is the murder..
you
Hmm...
yeah yeah yeah.. yedah...
yeah yeah he's the one that who gives the handkerchief
to get one piece of (***)
piece piece of piece of i don't know what that it was (***)
And it was like all smelly. and...
Wet...   yeah...
I thought about..   I like that out of all the dwarves, I like fandom.
(***)  He's kind.
And he is very he knows where he..  I mean...
he knows his position but he's also
Yeah, big brother, but he's also kinda...
impulsive, like he's the one who gets up at the last one to get up.
when everybody already went to the misty mountain.
he got up he wasn't like he was sick or anything he just overslept
Ha... ha.. ha.. I thought that was funny.
And he just gets up and hit himself in the table.
yeah yeah he drinks and then he goes so he's gullible
I thought that was fun.
Hmm..... Yeah...
Ahh... hung....
Yeah, yeah... yeah...
Ha... ha... ha... And I think they know.
But that is true, everyone has a quirkiness or a...
their own personality that none others have.
but at the same time they are dwarfs, you know, so they have the commonality.
Of course, not just the height and how thick they are, they're all...
Short and thick. And then they're all hairy.. Yeah...
But...
Everybody have a long hair and long beard or you know things like that but
Oh my god.
They're very hard-headed. Everyone is hard-headed.
They're greedy. Everyone is greedy... like
They don't want to pay when they say, come pay up, pay up, and no one wants to pay.
They love money and they love meat.
and they hate (***)
They have, yeah. They don't like elves.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So those are the things.
And they they tend to be
act strong one when they're even though they're scared to death yeah
Ah huh .. likes... everybody
yeah they are when the what's the guy who
Oh.